Updated overrides how to guide with new CLI command and flag names (#95)
score-spec/docs: content/en/docs/How to/overrides.md

      - --help
```

> **3.** Run the following command to override the default arguments by the `overrides.score.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**3.** Run the following command to override the default arguments with the contents of the `overrides.score.yaml` file.
```

```bash

> score-compose generate score.yaml --overrides-file development.score-overrides.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
score-compose generate score.yaml --overrides-file overrides.score.yaml
```
